# Possum_Kingdom_Lake_Report

This report is a survey of temperature, salinity, dissolved oxygen, and Secchi disk depth in the subtropical reservoir Possum Kingdom Lake, Texas. The study plots the survey data together with the determined density, stability, and the Brunt Väisälä Frequency. The study also provides tables that contain average and standard deviation with depth for all lake data, as well as the Secchi disk depth, attenuation coefficient of light, and depth of euphotic zone for the surveys. The report utilized and compared data from four locations from two previous field trip surveys. The first field trip took place on the 18th of May 2015, and the second on the 17th of May 2018. Measured lake temperatures ranged from 10.33°C to 26.54°C in 2015, and from 11.48°C to 25.69°C in 2018. In 2015 the average salinity of Possum Kingdom Lake increased with depth whereas in 2018 it remained uniform throughout all depths. The dissolved oxygen levels were not measured in 2015, but the data for 2018 showed that it decreased with depth from 100.21% to 0.45%. For 2015 the average water density was mostly larger for all depths and was also more varied than that recorded in 2018. Both the Stability and Brunt-Väisälä frequency showed large variations between station locations as well as between both years. The estimations presented an inverse relationship between the two years up to 7m depth, below which they followed a similar trend. The Secchi depth and turbidity varied significantly between 2015 and 2018 which implies that the turbidity varies with time in our case study area. However, in each year at different stations, the Secchi depth and turbidity are almost the same which shows that turbidity does not change in different areas of the Possum Kingdom Lake. Furthermore, the data in this report suggest that during 2018 that the summer warming processes and fresher high flows in the lake occurred later than that of 2015
